Next we're going to create a new folder and we're going to drag it down above our background folder
and we will call it water background
and
then we'll grab our solid blue layer and we will drag them into our water background folder and now
we're going to come back to our original folder.
And let's name it while we're here and we'll call it water body.
And let's name this Slayer water line.
And now we're going to add a new layer and we want to bring that below the waterline and then using
our gradient tool we're going to create a gradient between white and blue.
So go ahead and create that gradient loops which first want to select our area.
So we'll come down here to our solid blue layer and we'll select that area then we'll create our gradient
like so
then we're going to put our gradient on multiply like so.
Now we're going to create a new layer and using this blue
we are going to fill our area like so then we're going to put our layer on overlay like so then we'll
create a new layer and we're going to fill it with this color
.
Go ahead and fill that then we're going to bring our opacity down to about 15 percent.
Like so